hey what's up guys for I knew of the
bono project that he's anything his
birthday and I got him something is
given to him
hey birthday man I got some for your
birthday yep you go
ramen noodles hello that's not all
another six pack of ramen noodles man
all right for me to you from me to you
hey we're not done we're not done I got
you something some else I chicken spicy
chicken flavor noodles no yeah I'll
think about the help on that one yeah
there you go my chili yeah I you know
yeah I got you one more one more oh yeah
then I hate that one hate that one
you're my brush all right happy birthday
man what are you working on working on
your birthday still doing some stuff on
your birthday got anything we can show
these guys each other's pain probably do
showing the page you're working on now
yes all right let's take a look see what
he's on well you can tell you just
really getting this we started under way
here
not sure how much that blue really shows
up everybody that's looking back there
all right man I'm still working hard
we're actually working on a video not
something just totally off the wall like
this but I'm sugar so what we working on
next Anthony you want to do a character
description probably do a character so
sure matter we also have the other one
planned with you know all the other
stuff that we wanted to do portable is
going to be kind of random but you guys
really like it I gotta draw some stuff
up that we might be the last
stars
we got some cool stuff planned so it's
late Anthony still working yeah and this
will probably end up just deleting this
video just because we just want to keep
you guys updated that's it those are
pages he's been working on right there
whoa man i'm gonna give it you're giving
away the goods dude is have to leave
them this way there you go look at a big
stack of papers anyway that's it we will
see you guys next time